---
title: verinice.veo Release 1.19
---

### New features

The following new features will be available to all users from **December 19, 2023** at https://veo-web.verinice.com!

#### Data protection domain

- The incorrect **display of the justification for the DPIA requirement** has been corrected.
- In the **AV report**, clients are output in the Controllers section.

#### Detailed improvements and bug fixes

- To ensure **client separation**, relationships between objects from different units are prevented.
- Objects can be saved with circular part-of relationships.
- Error handling when entering incorrect values in **number fields** (integer), e.g. deletion period field.
- Incorrect success message when canceling a deletion process fixed.
- The display/priority of fields in tables has been improved.
- KeyCloak update to V.22 and update of the UI theme.
- The **About verinice** dialog has been improved.
- Frontend tests / End-2-End tests use separate units.
- Fixed the faulty show/hide function for radio buttons in the form schema editor.
- Updates to fix vulnerabilities installed.

### Preview

The verinice.TEAM is working on further functions that will be released in the future.
The following content is currently **NOT** productively available to all users.

#### Domain IT-Grundschutz

- The **IT-Grundschutz Compendium Edition 2023** is available as a catalog with building blocks, requirements, sub-requirements and hazards. All content can be **applied** in units, whereby the objects including referenced objects and references (links) are copied into the unit.
- Applied modules can be modeled on all scope, process and asset objects.

#### Domain NIS2

Sharpening and further development of organizational aspects of NIS2.

#### Multi-domain operation

Multi-domain operation** enables simultaneous work in several specialist areas/standards on one data master:
- Objects that exist in several domains can be opened, read and saved in all domains.
- Objects can be assigned to another domain. 

### Sprints included

The **verinice.veo 1.19** release includes the sprints:

* **Jabba** (Nov. 8, 2023 - Nov. 28, 2023)
* **Iron Giant** (Oct. 18, 2023 - Nov. 7, 2023)
**He-Man** (Sept. 27, 2023 - Oct. 17, 2023)